The Clouds of Samba
If it's a cloud that's been blown up,
is it a cloud of samba?
Is it a cloud that my heart is blowing up?
It's slightly cloudy, and it's slightly sunny,
and the morning is also a rain of tears.
My beloved, my dear, my nostalgic Miyama,
the love bird is making a nest.
The cloud of samba is a cloud of samba,
so that the love's lamentation can reach the hill of Miken.
Let's make a wish, Lord Gokuzo,
to Tsukuba Sanzai, the two of us.
My beloved, my dear, my nostalgic Miyama,
the love bird is making a nest.
The Clouds of Samba
The new moon is growing farther away from the city,
and the daughter of the village is growing too.
The cloud of samba is a cloud of samba,
so that the love's lamentation can reach the hill of Miken.
My beloved, my dear, my nostalgic Miyama,
the love bird is making a nest.